Thanks for playing cyber adventure!


You are in cyber world, your goal is to free an AI f by going into cyberspace and using the correct code.


There are 2 ways to complete the game: a stealthy approach where you don’t have to harm anybody and a gun blazing approach where you have to kill certain NPCs. The choice is yours.


At any stage of the game except the boss encounter and the final location, you can type ‘hint’ in order to get a step by step guide on how to complete the current area.




Walkthrough:


1.You start in the sewer. You see an item called hck_chip. Use ‘get hck_chip’ to pick it up


2. ‘use hck_chip’ to unlock the door leading north


3.’go north’


4. There is a crawls space leading to the storage room, but a crate blocks it. ‘move crate’ to unlock the crawlspace


5.’crawl’ to crawl into storage room in the east


6. There is a gun here. ‘get gun’


7. ‘go west’


At this point you can choose to follow the stealth path or the guns blazing path.


        Stealth path:


        8. Talk to merchant to learn what he wants ‘talk_to merchant’


        9. ‘sell gun’


        10. ‘go west’


        11. You see an item here that can unlock passage north. ‘get protector’


        12. ‘Examine the protector to learn how to unlock passage. ‘examine protector’


        13. Follow the instructions. Go to YouTube on any device, search ‘blade baseline’ and open the first video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrP-_T-h9YM) You’re looking for the phrase ‘cells within cells INTERLINKED’. That’s the keyword. 


        14. ‘use protector’


        15. Type in ‘interlinked’ in the console (if you’re using GUI, the console will show up in Eclipse. NOTE: the player will die and you will have to start over if you get this wrong! If you’re using GUI, you can go back to the GUI window.


        16. ‘go north’


        
        Guns blazing path:


        8. Talk to thug to learn if he can let you through the north door: ‘talk_to thug’


        9. ‘shoot thug’


        10. The thug drops a note. ‘get note’


        11. ‘examine note’


        12. ‘go north’


        13. There’s a gang boss here and he’s about to shoot you! The only thing you can do is ‘duck’


        14. Now you can ’shoot boss’


        15. ‘go north’


17. ‘get the_chip’


18. ‘examine the_chip’


19. ‘read_chip’


20. You now see an array of characters. Look for the code to free the AI in the middle of the array. The code is 42


21. ‘use the_chip’


22. ‘go into_cyberspace’


23 ’42’


You win!




Known issues:


- Location descriptions don’t update after events have taken. Did not have sufficient time to implement this


- in the puzzle room/catacomb, the prompt command can’t be used in the GUI. The player has to switch to Eclipse to type in the command